Arryn: Male Human Servant, Good. Arryn has cropped copper hair and light hazel eyes, and small ears. He wears well-made clothing and a bronze amulet. Arryn suffers a deadly allergy to trolls.
Greda: Male Human Professional, Evil. Greda has golden hair and dark gray eyes, and small ears. He wears fine clothing and a feathered hat.
Johny: Male Human Scofflaw, Neutral. Johny has brown hair and blue eyes. He wears travel-stained clothing and carries a long knife. Johny has an animal companion, a sable ferret named Ealfwen.
Finy: Male Human Priest, Evil. Finy is beastly in appearance, with black hair and sharp hazel eyes. He wears modest garments and carries a fine stiletto. Finy seeks revenge against the sister who betrayed him.
Ahfrin: Male Human Servant, Good. Ahfrin is tall and slender, with brown hair and dark brown eyes. He wears sturdy clothing and riding boots.
Cecie Averk: Female Human Servant, Good. Cecie is youthful in appearance, with blonde hair and dark brown eyes. She wears well-made clothing and a wooden holy symbol. Cecie has an animal companion, a ginger cat named Grewyn.
Ryne Rene: Female Human Servant, Evil. Ryne is tall and willowy, with tangled golden hair and light green eyes. She wears sturdy clothing and several small tools hang from her belt. Ryne has an animal companion, a white rabbit named Phony.
Mildthru: Female Human Entertainer, Evil. Mildthru has a square face, with straight silver hair and hazel eyes. She wears tailored clothing and several pouches hang from her belt. Mildthru is coarse and destructive.
Ererth: Male Human Aristocrat, Evil. Ererth has brown hair and narrow amber eyes, and a cropped beard. He wears fine raiment and numerous rings. Ererth seeks revenge against the sister who betrayed him.
Wine: Male Human Professional, Good. Wine is fey in appearance, with braided brown hair and sharp amber eyes. He wears expensive clothing and carries a fine stiletto. Wine is a pack-rat, and carries a satchel of random junk.
Henrey: Male Human Scofflaw, Neutral. Henrey is rough in appearance, with auburn hair and bright amber eyes. He wears modest garments and a pewter amulet. Henrey is covetous and deceitful.
Alil: Female Human Scofflaw, Neutral. Alil has cropped brown hair and large brown eyes. She wears well-made clothing and a bronze amulet. Alil compulsively whispers nonsense.
Malia Skesell: Female Human Merchant, Neutral. Malia has a round face, with braided golden hair and brown eyes. She wears modest garments and several pouches hang from her belt. Malia has an animal companion, a white rabbit named Gauwyn.
Altes: Male Human Priest, Neutral. Altes is short, with golden hair and large hazel eyes. He wears expensive clothing and a feathered hat. Altes is timid and extravagant.
Athet Bexle: Female Human Merchant, Neutral. Athet is common in appearance, with copper hair and brown eyes. She wears well-made clothing and several pouches hang from her belt.
Thughye Rysav: Male Human Scholar, Neutral. Thughye has tangled black hair and gray eyes. He wears modest garments and carries a fine stiletto. Thughye seeks to discover what destroyed his homeland.
Eadwheald: Male Human Artist, Neutral. Eadwheald has tangled blonde hair and large brown eyes. He wears well-made clothing and a feathered hat.
Enbehrt: Male Human Alchemist, Neutral. Enbehrt is tall and heavyset, with cropped auburn hair and large blue eyes. He wears fine clothing and a copper amulet. Enbehrt speaks with a soft voice.
Alter: Male Human Soldier, Good. Alter is fey in appearance, with gray hair and hazel eyes. He wears studded leather and wields a short sword.
Gifu: Female Human Soldier, Evil. Gifu has a long face, with long white hair and green eyes. She wears leather armor and wields a mace. Gifu is harsh and greedy.

